sea: add support for V8 bytecode-only caching (#48191)
nodejs/node: doc/api/single-executable-applications.md

{
  "main": "/path/to/bundled/script.js",
  "output": "/path/to/write/the/generated/blob.blob",
  "disableExperimentalSEAWarning": true, // Default: false
  "useCodeCache": true // Default: false
}
```

If the paths are not absolute, Node.js will use the path relative to the
current working directory. The version of the Node.js binary used to produce
the blob must be the same as the one to which the blob will be injected.

### V8 code cache support

When `useCodeCache` is set to `true` in the configuration, during the generation
of the single executable preparation blob, Node.js will run the `main` script
to generate the V8 code cache. The generated code cache would be part of the
preparation blob and get injected into the final executable. When the single

> executable application is launched, instead of running the `main` script from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
executable application is launched, instead of compiling the `main` script from
```

It still needs to run the script

> scratch, Node.js would consume the code cache and then execute the script, which
> would improve the startup performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scratch, Node.js would use the code cache to speed up the compilation, then
execute the script, which would improve the startup performance.
```
